http://www.sitesbay.com/java/java-interface
 
Interface is similar to class which is collection of public static final variables (constants) and abstract methods.
 
Why we use Interface ?
	It is used to achieve fully abstraction.
	By using Interface, you can achieve multiple inheritance in java.
	It can be used to achieve loose coupling.
 
properties of Interface ?
	It is implicitly abstract. So we no need to use the abstract keyword when declaring an interface.
	Each method in an interface is also implicitly abstract, so the abstract keyword is not needed.
	Methods in an interface are implicitly public.
	All the data members of interface are implicitly public static final.
 
How interface is similar to class ?
	Whenever we compile any Interface program it generate .class file. That means the bytecode of an interface appears in a .class file.
 
How interface is different from class ?
	You can not instantiate an interface.
	It does not contain any constructors.
	All methods in interface are abstract.
	Interface can not contain instance fields. Interface only contains public static final variables.
	Interface is can not extended by a class; it is implemented by a class.
	Interface can extend multiple interfaces. It means interface support multiple inheritance
 
 
When we use abstract and when Interface? 
	If we do not know about any things about implementation just we have requirement specification then we should be go for Interface
	If we are talking about implementation but not completely (partially implemented) then we should be go for abstract
	 
Rules for implementation interface ?
	A class can implement more than one interface at a time.
	A class can extend only one class, but implement many interfaces.
	An interface can extend another interface, similarly to the way that a class can extend another class.
 
Relationship between class and Interface?
	Class --> (extends) --> class
	Class --> (implements) --> interface
	interface --> (extends) --> interface
 
Why interface have no constructor ?
	because constructor is like a method and it is concrete method and interface does not have concrete method it have only abstract methods that's why interface have no constructor.
	Constructor is use to assign some default value to member variables, in interface all the member variables are constants.
	
Super class of all classes is java.lang.Object class, does this applies to Interface as well? What is super class of all Interface in Java?
	java.lang.Object class is the super class of all Java classes. All non-primitive types (including arrays) inherit either directly or indirectly from Object class.
